README.md, before:

# HDWallet

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/shapeshift/hdwallet.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/shapeshift/hdwallet)

A library for interacting with hardware wallets from JS/TS. Supports KeepKey,
Trezor, and Ledger. Intended for use in web apps, chrome apps/extensions, and
electon/node apps.


## [Documentation](https://shapeshift.github.io/HDWallet/index.html)

- [hdwallet](#hdwallet)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Importing Library](#importing-library)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [Contributing](#contributing)


## Installation
```bash
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger-webusb
```


## Importing Library

You can import the generated bundle to use each of the component libraries:

```javascript
import { HDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core'
import { isKeepKey, KeepKeyHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey'
import { isLedger, LedgerHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger'
import { isTrezor, TrezorHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor'

import { WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb'
import { WebUSBLedgerAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger-webusb'
import { TrezorAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect'
```


## Usage

The recommended way to use the library is through a `Keyring` singleton,
which manages connected devices:

```javascript
import { Keyring } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core'
const keyring = new Keyring()
```

To add in support for a given wallet type, add in the relevant `Transport`
adapter by calling `useKeyring()` on it:

```javascript
import { WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb'
import { TrezorAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect'

const keepkeyAdapter = WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter.useKeyring(keyring)

const trezorAdapter = TrezorAdapter.useKeyring(keyring, {
  debug: false,
  manifest: {
    email: 'you@example.com',     // TrezorConnect info
    appUrl: 'https://example.com' // URL of hosted domain
  }
})

const ledgerAdapter = LedgerAdapter.useKeyring(keyring)
```

After setting up a `Keyring`, and plugging various transport adapters into
it, the next step is to pair a device:

```javascript
let wallet = await keepkeyAdapter.pairDevice()

wallet.getLabel().then(result => { console.log(result) })
```


## Building

It is expected that this take quite some time (around 15 minutes), due to the
large size of the compiled KeepKey protobuf encoder/decoder.

```bash
yarn clean
yarn
yarn build
```


## Developing

To compile and watch the browser bundle, run:

```bash
yarn dev:sandbox
```

This will launch an ssl webserver that runs at `https://localhost:1234`, with
a small demo app that shows how to use various HDWallet functionality.


## Tests

```bash
yarn
yarn build
yarn test
```

The integration tests have been set up to run either against a physical KeepKey
with debug firmware on it, or in CI pointed at a dockerized version of the
emulator.  Trezor and Ledger tests run against mocks of their respective
transport layers.


## Contributing

See our developer guidelines [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Add docs about the Zeit Now deployments

README.md, after:

# HDWallet

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/shapeshift/hdwallet.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/shapeshift/hdwallet)

A library for interacting with hardware wallets from JS/TS. Supports KeepKey,
Trezor, and Ledger. Intended for use in web apps, chrome apps/extensions, and
electon/node apps.

Try it out [here](https://hdwallet.shapeshift.now.sh/)!

## [Documentation](https://shapeshift.github.io/HDWallet/index.html)

- [hdwallet](#hdwallet)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Importing Library](#importing-library)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [Contributing](#contributing)


## Installation
```bash
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect
yarn add @shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger-webusb
```


## Importing Library

You can import the generated bundle to use each of the component libraries:

```javascript
import { HDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core'
import { isKeepKey, KeepKeyHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey'
import { isLedger, LedgerHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger'
import { isTrezor, TrezorHDWallet } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor'

import { WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb'
import { WebUSBLedgerAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-ledger-webusb'
import { TrezorAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect'
```


## Usage

The recommended way to use the library is through a `Keyring` singleton,
which manages connected devices:

```javascript
import { Keyring } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-core'
const keyring = new Keyring()
```

To add in support for a given wallet type, add in the relevant `Transport`
adapter by calling `useKeyring()` on it:

```javascript
import { WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-keepkey-webusb'
import { TrezorAdapter } from '@shapeshiftoss/hdwallet-trezor-connect'

const keepkeyAdapter = WebUSBKeepKeyAdapter.useKeyring(keyring)

const trezorAdapter = TrezorAdapter.useKeyring(keyring, {
  debug: false,
  manifest: {
    email: 'you@example.com',     // TrezorConnect info
    appUrl: 'https://example.com' // URL of hosted domain
  }
})

const ledgerAdapter = LedgerAdapter.useKeyring(keyring)
```

After setting up a `Keyring`, and plugging various transport adapters into
it, the next step is to pair a device:

```javascript
let wallet = await keepkeyAdapter.pairDevice()

wallet.getLabel().then(result => { console.log(result) })
```


## Building

It is expected that this take quite some time (around 15 minutes), due to the
large size of the compiled KeepKey protobuf encoder/decoder.

```bash
yarn clean
yarn
yarn build
```


## Developing

To compile and watch the browser bundle, run:

```bash
yarn dev:sandbox
```

This will launch an ssl webserver that runs at `https://localhost:1234`, with
a small demo app that shows how to use various HDWallet functionality.

We use [Zeit Now](https://zeit.co/home) for continuous deployment of this
sandbox app. On pull requests, the builder will publish a new version of that
app with the changes includeed (for example
[#68](https://github.com/shapeshift/hdwallet/pull/68#issuecomment-542779289).
Try out the latest build here: https://hdwallet.shapeshift.now.sh/


## Tests

```bash
yarn
yarn build
yarn test
```

The integration tests have been set up to run either against a physical KeepKey
with debug firmware on it, or in CI pointed at a dockerized version of the
emulator.  Trezor and Ledger tests run against mocks of their respective
transport layers.


## Contributing

See our developer guidelines [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).
